"I trust you can make it back to class without any trouble." Sargent Meadowwalker said gruffly as they reached a crossroads in the hallway. His grumpy southern accent breaking the comfortable silence the two had been sharing.

Nick smiled, "I don't know about that, the classroom is pretty far away, and I hear the ZIA is also forcefully recruiting foxes right now."

Meadowwalker scoffed but couldn't hold back a grin of his own. "Well if I see a black hele-copter I'll go grab the Major fer a rescue mission." Meadowwalker then gave a quick salute, which Nick mirrored, and began walking away, but not before adding, "now you best git your fluffy tail to class cus if you're late for anything short of a ZIA abduction then you'll find yourself in a world of trouble."

"Understood." Nick replied curtly to an already empty hallway as Sargent Meadowwalker had already turned the corner.

That actually fucking worked Nick thought to himself in astonishment as he began his walk to class. I mean so many things could have gone wrong and I could have destroyed my career before it even started.

"But it didn't." Optimism chimed in.

That's right it didn't, and it's all because of Tom, Arlo, Paul, and Tony. I owe those guys a night on the town and I plan to deliver. Nick thought happily as he began planning where exactly they were going to go. I'm not a huge club guy myself but I think I can pull a few strings and get us in somewhere exclusive.

The more Nick thought about and planned for the night ahead the happier he felt to the point where his steps took on a lighter almost jaunty sway that could almost be mistaken for dancing had anyone seen it. Nick couldn't exactly explain the break in his normal impassive façade but the relief of having gotten through such a perilous situation unscathed combined with the anticipation of the weekend to come caused the fox to loosen his tight control over himself if only slightly.

Imagine if Finnick or Judy saw me right now they'd lose it. Nick smirked at the image of Finnick's jaw dropping or Judy's enthusiastic smile as she complimented his moves. Maybe another time. Nick thought wistfully as he stopped in front of the classroom door and regained control of himself. Now I better show those guy's I'm alright.

Nick then opened the door to the classroom and immediately scanned the rows of desks for his friends. It didn't take too long since the four of them were sitting in smack dab in the middle of the classroom, exactly where they always sat. Unusually however was how they were all huddled together, whispering so quietly Nick couldn't pick up on their conversation over the rest of the sounds in the room.

I'm sure they're just arguing about if the plan worked or not. Nick reasoned as he began walking over, a small smile on his face, the smile was short lived however as Nick got closer to the huddle and picked up a bit of what they were saying.

"Nick can't know that-" Paul's deep voice whispered faintly as Nick, realizing something was wrong, slowed his approach in an attempt to hear more.

"Shhh he's here." Arlo cut in as he noticed Nick's approach.

"Hey Nick, how did it go?" Tom asked with a friendly wave.

Nick, not wanting to let on that he'd overheard, forced a smile. "It went perfectly, I don't think those two will be able to even see a fox again without hearing a pissed off Major tearing into them and threatening to destroy their very existence."

"Sounds like our plan worked then." Arlo said happily as Nick made his way to the seat they'd saved for him.

"It was perfect," Nick agreed. "So perfect in fact that I think I owe you guys two rounds this weekend and I think I found a club that will suit everyone too." Nick expected his words to be received with smiles and cheer but instead the mammals around him visibly deflated as a heavy silence settled over them.

"I expected a better reaction than that, trust me guys the clubs really nice, and I definitely owe you the drinks."

"It's not that Nick we just can't do it this weekend." Tom explained consolingly.

"What do you mean, we talk about going out less than three hours ago, what possibly could have changed?" As Nick looked around at his friends waiting for answer he couldn't help but feel something was off.

"Well Nick… it's ugh, because, I, ugh need toooo…. Help my sister….. Clean." Tony finally stammered, unable to meet Nick's eyes as he did.

"Your sister needs your help cleaning?"

"Y-yeah, you see she recently decided to sell her house, and the real estate agent has already set up a walkthrough with some perspective buyers, but my sister's place is a mess and it won't be ready in time so she called and asked me to help. So, I'll be spending the weekend at her place helping out."

Nick frowned for a minute before shrugging, "Well do the rest of you want to do something then? We could go into the city and catch a movie or something." Once again, the mammals around Nick seemed deflate as they all began avoiding eye contact.

"Oh come on what is it now?" Nick asked angrily.

"Well you see Nick, once Tony backed out Paul and I made plans to visit family since we haven't gone home once since starting the academy." Arlo said sheepishly as Paul nodded in agreement.

"Really? So you all somehow managed to make plans for the weekend on such short notice?" Nick questioned as he looked each mammal in the eye.

"It's not that crazy Nick. Plans don't take that long to make, and don't worry about it we'll all go out next weekend for sure." Tom promised.

"Of course you can make plans that quickly Tom, you just go home and see your girlfriend, but helping someone clean or staying the weekend at your parents, plans like that don't just appear out of thin air."

"Well Nick I don't know what to say since it is what happened, and anyway I'm not going into Zootopia this weekend." Tom clarified to the skeptical fox sitting next to him.

"Why not?"

"I'm doing extra credit for a few of the instructors."

"You? Extra credit? Aren't you like fifth or sixth in the class rankings?" Nick asked disbelievingly.

"Yes me. Unfortunately, unlike a certain superfox I know, I actually struggle with the classwork and my last few test scores were pretty poor. So, because of that I have decided to do some extra credit work and will be spending the rest of my time either working out or studying."

Nick, still not buying the excuses was about argue some more but before he could open his mouth to argue more the tiger instructor walked in and shouted. "Alright shut your traps class is starting!"

As suspicious as he was Nick wasn't about to risk talking in class so for the rest of class he sat in silence contemplating what exactly was going on and listening as the thoughts in his head debated the possibilities, the worst of which was that he'd asked for too much and now everyone except Tom was done with him and they were starting to distance themselves from him.

ZPA Classroom, Middle of Nowhere, 3:30pm, Friday Afternoon.

The rest of the week went by in a blur for Nick and the gang. Since, with the crises averted, they fell back into their usual routine of classwork, workouts, and hangouts. Unlike Nick's original worry, nobody seemed to be trying to distance themselves from him. But, despite everything appearing normal, their behavior that day still weighed on him. Even with their many answers to his many questions, Nick still couldn't shake the feeling that something else was going on behind the scenes and it gave him quite the headache. Speaking of headaches Nick's biggest one, James, seemed to have evaporated into thin air, the most Nick saw of him was in the classroom when he would shoot Nick dirty looks from time to time, to which Nick would always respond with a smile.

"Remember Mid-term exams are coming up soon so don't slack and make sure to study hard. Class Dismissed!" The instructor bellowed as everymammal in the room began hurriedly shoving notebooks and papers into their bags.

Nick was no exception but as he finished and stoop up to leave he felt a familiar paw on his shoulder. "What's up Tom?" Nick asked as he turned to the smiling wolf.

"Nothing much Nick, just wanted to let you know our "training session," today will be starting a little earlier than usual.

Nick furrowed his eyebrow in confusion as he tried to figure out what Tom was talking about, but after a minute he remembered that the few times they talked about his therapy sessions in public Tom had always called them "training sessions," so nobody would get suspicious.

"Oh really? Well, it's good you reminded me, with everything that happened this week I completely forgot about it. So, why the change?"

"No reason, I just have something special planned for the session and because of that we need to start a bit earlier than usual so be in the gym ready to go by seven fifteen."

Nick's ears perked up, "Something special?"

"You'll find out tonight Nick, I'm not gonna spoil the surprise, it's only a few hours so just be patient." Tom smiled.

"Cadet Wilde." A voice called out, killing Nick's retort before it had even formed in his head.

"Yes Sir. What can I do for you?" Nick asked as the horse instructor who had called out to him walked over, a bored look on his long face.

"The Major wants to see you in her office, and she wants you there ten minutes ago so get a move on." The horse explained tiredly, turning away without waiting for Nick's reply.

"Dang, looks like he could use the weekend off even more than us." Nick joked as he turned back to a stone-faced Tom.

"What do you think the Major wants? Do you think IA is still coming after you? Or maybe James made his move?"

The worry in Tom's voice made Nick smile internally, Nick knew Tom was his friend and all but it was still nice to see how much the wolf genuinely cared for him.

"I doubt it, the Major did say she wanted to meet with me and discuss the whole IA situation."

"Yeah maybe, but why didn't she call you into her office sooner?"

"No idea." Nick remarked as he threw his backpack over his shoulder. "If I had to guess I'd say she either wanted to wait until she could give me some news about the situation, that, or maybe she's been busy dealing with the fallout and is just now getting the free time to come talk to me. Either way I'll let you know how it goes when we meet up tonight."

"Alright, see you then, good luck." Tom said with a wave as Nick walked out the door.

Nick wasted no time making his way to Friedkin's office, speed-walking the entire way there. Normally Nick wouldn't have picked up his pace above a leisurely stroll no matter who was calling for him, but at that moment he was driven by his curiosity. What was she going to say? Were those two getting fired? Or was Tom right and she was about to give him some awful news, maybe kick him out? So in no time at all Nick found himself outside the instructor's offices.

Now there was a proper procedure for a cadet entering the offices unaccompanied by an instructor. First, the cadet would knock on the door, after knocking the cadet would be allowed to open the door and enter the offices. Then, as soon as the cadet steps inside they are required to announce their presence and purpose for being there, after that they were allowed to actually proceed with their business.

Nick knew this and despite being told to see Friedkin still followed the procedure. He had just stepped inside, closed the door and was about to announce himself when he heard an angry voice yell at him from across the room.

"What the hell do you think you are doing here cadet?!"

Turning to see who had shouted Nick was greeted with and angry hippo instructor whom he'd never met before storming across the room.

"You know damn well you Cadets are supposed to announce your presence when you enter our office." The irate hippo bellowed as he finally arrived at the door and immediately got in Nick's face.

Nick said nothing and was prepared to just let the hippo continue to berate him. Nick knew he wasn't in the wrong and that he had a reason to be here, but he also knew that interrupting the hippo would only make the situation worse. But, as luck would have it Nick didn't have to take the verbal beating he had planned on as the voice of his savior came from behind.

"Jesus Dave what'r you doin yellin like that?" Sargent Meadowwalker asked as he closed the door behind him.

"Well Sir, this Cadet thought he could walk in here without announcing himself." Dave explained, shooting Nick a glare as he did.

"Really, is that so? And by chance did you give him time to announce himself before you just went off on em?"

"Uuuuuhhh, yes. He'd been in the room for at least two minutes and hadn't said anything before I came over."

"No."

"Pardon?" The hippo looked confused as Sargent Meadowwalker stared him down.

"No. He was in the door, maybe, thirty seconds before you decided to make a fool of yourself. I know because I watched him enter the office and almost immediately heard you start screaming."

"O-oh… my bad. But what is he even doing here?" The admonished hippo stammered, seeming to cower a little under the deer's stern gaze and harsh words.

"Maybe you should ask em yourself, an apologize while yer at it."

"Of course Sir." The hippo then straightened himself up, took a set back and looked at Nick, his gaze sheepish and full of remorse. "I apologize for my unfair outburst towards you Cadet, we recently had some Cadets barge in without following procedure and…"

"Ahem." Meadowwalker cleared his throat and shot another glare at the hippo instructor. "I don't think the Cadet needs to hear yer excuses, just finish the apology and get him on his way."

"O-of course…. anyway because of that I reacted to hastily and again I apologize for that. Now, may I ask what business you have here?"

Nick suppressed a chuckle, he switched gears rather quickly, I get the feeling things like this happen to him a lot. But what's this about Cadet's barging in, it couldn't have been Tom and the guys right….? Nah whoever it was definitely got kicked out. Nick thought to himself as he looked the instructor over.

"It's fine Sir. Mistakes happen all the time. I understand completely. I'm surprised any Cadets would dare to cause problems here of all places, but it makes sense you'd be on edge after that." Nick said politely, showing there were no hard feelings. "Now as to why I'm here, I was called for a meeting with Major Friedkin, I was told it was urgent and rushed right over."

Hearing this the hippo's eyes went wide. "A-ah, w-well then you should be on your way th-then. Don't want to keep the Major waiting."

"Exactly, git a move on Wilde, I need to have a chat with Officer Hasty here." Meadowwalker grumbled as he pushed Nick towards the Majors door.

Hearing this, the hippo looked downcast and Nick had to hide a small smile as he made his way to the Majors door and knocked as loud as he could.

"Enter." The booming voice said from the other side, and so not wasting any time Nick did.

As Nick entered the office, he was greeted with the sight of Friedkin sitting at a beautiful oak desk, reading glasses on, as she looked over a stack of paperwork, pen in paw. As the door clicked closed behind him Friedkin glanced up momentarily from the paper she was currently reading.

"Just a second Wilde." Friedkin murmured.

So for a few seconds Nick stood in silence, the only sounds being the rustle of paper, the scribble of a pen, and the occasional grunt of a polar bear clearly fed up with whatever she was doing. Eventually though Friedkin either finished what she was doing or at the very least reached an acceptable stopping point and finally addressed Nick.

"Well Cadet I'm sure you have an idea of why I called you here." Friedkin said as she motioned for Nick to take a seat, which he did.

"Well Major I have several ideas, a few that are more like jokes, one that is serious, and one that is almost impossible and might cause you to kick me out of your office. But, I can see you're busy and not in the best mood so I think it would be best to just have you tell me."

The major's lips quirked slightly in what Nick could have sworn constituted a smile but returned to normal far too quickly to be sure. "That's probably for the best. I told you I wanted to talk with you about the incident with IA, but unfortunately that shitstorm took a long time to settle. While it's not completely settled, it's calmed down enough that I can spare some time to talk with you about it."

Nick dipped his head in recognition. "I appreciate you taking the time to speak with me then Major, I'm sure you have your paws full with this mess."

"It's a part of the job Wilde. Now I'm sure you have things to do so I won't keep you long. First things first I wanted to sincerely apologize to you, the fact that one of my Cadets was blackmailed and threatened by anyone, let alone by an internal affairs officer, is unacceptable. I have already reported those two to the higher ups and will be implementing new policies to avoid anything similar happening in the future." Friedkin explained, her frustration and sincerity clear.

"Don't worry about it Major," Nick said dismissively. "I managed to expose them, and you sent the two of them packing so I have no complaints, though I am curious as to what will happen to them."

"Regardless, it shouldn't have happened. So you have my apologies whether you like it or not. As for what's happening to those two, after I chewed them out, I immediately contacted the head of IA and reported the incident. Right now, they are under investigation and have had their pay reduced." The major then let out a long sigh as she rubbed her temple gently.

"Unfortunately, I've been informed that they will likely keep their jobs at Internal Affairs." Seeing Nick's expression, Friedkin put up a finger to silence him. "I know what you're going to say Wilde… and I agree with you. They should have been kicked out of Internal Affairs the second I finished explaining everything to the director but I've been informed it's not that simple."

"What's not simple about it!? You heard them threatening me! What? Did I have to get them to sign a legal document saying they are evil bastards who were gonna axe my career!?" Nick blurted, unable to hold back his anger.

Nick expected the Major to shout at him or even kick him out after his little outburst, but to his surprise Friedkin was nodding her head in agreement.

"You're right Wilde, you had those two dead to rights, but all we have is my testimony and the testimony of a few cadets whose motive can be called into question since they are your friends. I've been informed that while my word carried weight it's not enough to get them fired, since I've been antagonistic to IA in the past. They're on thin ice and shouldn't be causing you anymore problems though."

I guess it makes sense, Nick thought to himself after taking a minute to calm down. Cops and IA don't typically get along so if a cop tried to get an IA agent fired the proof needed would have to be indisputable especially if the director is protecting them. If I run into them in the future, I'll need more than just a cops word…. Still sucks though.

"I apologize for my outburst." Nick said, regaining his mask of indifference. "But I appreciate you going so far for me, Major."

"It was nothing Wilde. I would have done the same for any Cadet." Friedkin said calmly, waving off Nick's thanks. "But Mr. Wilde, I do feel I have to tell you that you've been a troublesome Cadet so far so you'd better become a damn fine officer to make it up to me."

Nick smiled at this. "Well I did plan on being the best, or at least second best. So, there's no problems there; but, I haven't been that much trouble."

Friedkin shot Nick a disbelieving glare. "Wilde, convincing other Cadets to break into the instructor's offices and mildly assault a Sargent definitely qualifies as causing trouble. Your friends may have claimed you didn't know anything, but I know you had more to do with it."

"They did what?" Nick asked calmly as he mentally screamed the same question in his head.

"Pft, acting innocent I see. Fine, if you want to play it that way, I'll play along and tell you what happened. While making their way to my office your buddies were intercepted by Sargent Meadowwalker. Cadet Miller proceeded to get into a shouting match with the Sargent but before he could put Cadet Miller in his place Cadet Bennett intervened, wrapping his arms around the Sargent and lifting him off the ground so the rest of the group could burst into my office and interrupt and important phone call."

At first Nick was impressed, humbled, and a little surprised as he heard that Arlo shouted at a Sargent for him, but as the Major continued describing the incident Nick's surprised turned to full blown astonishment. It took him a few minutes to find his voice after Friedkin finished, but eventually he managed to ask what their punishment was.

"It's nothing too serious so don't be so worried Wilde." Friedkin remarked, hearing the hint of concern in his voice. "I understand they were doing what they thought they had too for a good cause so they'll spend the weekend restricted to the academy grounds where they will be cleaning every bathroom and classroom, in between running laps around the academies five mile course until they drop of course."

Nick let out a sigh of relief and exasperation. "I appreciate you're understanding and leniency Major, I wouldn't have been able to forgive myself if they'd gotten kicked out because of me."

The Major quickly smiled at the unusually humble fox in front of her before making her face stern again. "I just didn't want to lose such promising recruits because of some IA foolishness. Now I have another mountain of paperwork to attend to before I can go home so get out of my office and go study or something."

"Understood Major." Nick said stiffly as he gave her a crisp salute and quickly made his way out of both her office and the instructor offices, not stopping until he had put a good distance between himself and the offices.

After looking around to make sure he was alone Nick let out a heavy groan as he planted his face in his paws. What the Fuck were they thinking? Why the hell would they go so far?

"Maybe because…. And follow along with me here…. They. Are. Your. FRIENDS!" Optimism shouted in exasperation.

"But-"

"No but's Nick."

That's too far though, I mean they could have been kicked out of the academy and then they'd never be cops, Nick thought back.

"That's what friends do, they take risks to help each other." Optimism shot back, following up with "and before you say that friends wouldn't go that far for each other just remember you'd do a lot more if Judy or Finnick needed you."

Nick was stunned into silence, and before he could come up with a reply logic stepped in "There was that time you jumped into a fight with three drunk lions just to even the odds for Finnick. That sure as hell was a big risk."

Yeah, except I had known Finnick for almost three years by that time. Nick reasoned.

"So? That just means they consider you that much of a friend, not everyone is as slow to trust and make friends as you are. Logic explained coldly. "The fact that they consider you a good friend, one they'd gladly stick their necks out for, is clear."

Nick had no response, and as understanding settled over him he realized he had to figure out where his 'friends' stood with him. Were they just mammals he knew and liked or were they mammals he'd risk everything for? With no easy answer in sight Nick started walking, knowing he had a lot of thinking to do.

ZPA Gymnasium, Middle of Nowhere, 7:15pm, Friday Night.

Nick had spent the rest of his day walking and thinking about his friends, their friendship and many other complicated things that made him emotionally uncomfortable. So, he was almost relieved when it came time to head over the gym and once again confront his kithood trauma.

As soon as Nick entered the gym he immediately started searching for the big surprise Tom had mentioned previously, but was disappointed when all he saw was Tom standing alone, muzzle in paw in the middle of the gym. Adopting a casual expression Nick approached Tom slowly, as he continued to scan the surroundings for any hint about what was about to happen.

"Hey Tom, are you ready to unveil your big surprise?" Nick asked plainly, his anticipation only given away by his rapidly increasing heart rate.

Tom smiled, "I think my surprise can unveil itself."

And before the words could even register in Nicks mind he was knocked on his ass by an intense blow, the assailant seemingly trying to squeeze the life out of him. As the impact, and the fact that he was now on the floor registered with Nick a gentle smile of recognition and affection replaced the initial look of shock.

"Well hello to you too, Judy." Nick almost whispered as he returned the intense bunny hug he was receiving, all the while ignoring the look he knew Tom was giving him.

After a few more seconds Judy pulled her face out of Nick's stomach and looked up at him. "It's so good to see you Nick, it's been too long."

"It's only been a few weeks fluff, barely more than a month."

"It felt like longer."

"We've Muzzletimed every day."

"It's no substitute for the real thing," Judy admitted plainly as she finally decided to stand up, getting off Nick and offering him a helping paw as she did.

"That it isn't." Nick agreed.

"OH!" Judy exclaimed. "Before I forget, THIS is for not telling me about these therapy sessions sooner." Judy then gave a hard punch to Nick's arm causing the fox to jump back defensively.

"Did you come here just to abuse me?" Nick asked as he rubbed his now very sore arm.

"Nope I came to help just like I told you I would if you had asked me, abusing you is simply just desserts since I had to find out about this from someone else." Judy said, her tone dipping slightly. "I mean this is a big deal for you and you just happened to not mention it to me."

"Nonononononono, it's not like that Judy." Nick exclaimed, quickly going on the defensive. "I really wasn't keeping it from you on purpose I just was waiting for a good time to tell you about it, but we were always talking about other things and it never felt like the right time to bring it up, so I just didn't…."

Judy looked at Nick sternly for a moment before letting out a sigh of acceptance. "I guess I can understand that and at the end of the day I still get to come here and help out, so all is forgiven. Anyway, now that I'm here and I get to see the results of your training first-hand I have to say I'm impressed." Judy added, happily changing the subject.

"What?" Nick asked, confused at both the ease of forgiveness and the sudden topic change.

"Nick I don't know if you've noticed but you've been putting on some muscle, it's nothing crazy but I can tell since crashing into your stomach no longer feels like diving into a cushy pillow."

"Are you saying I was fat before?" Nick asked in mock indignation, deciding it was better to just go along with it.

Judy smiled, "Nope, just soft."

"Harumpf, I am insulted, I'll have you know that my build was perfect."

"Pffft. The perfect dad bod maybe."

Tom watched the two banter back and forth for a few minutes, letting them catch up and flirt to their hearts content but, after a few more minutes passed Tom realized he was going to have to step in or they'd be here all night.

"Hey guys, I'd offer to leave and come back after you're done flirting but, I want to be done before midnight so would you mind getting back on task?"

Nick immediately shot a glare at Tom before quickly turning to Judy. "I'm sorry about him Carrots, since he didn't meet his first girlfriend until college; he assumes any good interaction between mammals of the opposite sex is flirting. A bit sad really."

"Oh it's no big deal Nick," Judy said before turning to Tom with a smirk. "But if you really thought we were flirting you sure took your time stopping us…. Maybe you're into voyeurism Tom…"

Tom was stunned silent his jaw dropping, having not expected the jab in the slightest but least of all from someone other than Nick. Before his brain could reboot and a retort could be formed Nick broke the silence with a fit of deep reverberating laughter that echoed in the empty gym. Nicks laugh was infectious and in a matter of seconds Judy and Tom both joined in.

"Oh she GOT you Tommy boy." Nick finally managed to say after getting tentative control of himself.

"Yeah, yeah she did, good one Officer Hopps. But seriously we really do need to get started since I don't want to be third wheeling all night."

"Alright Tom we can start now," Judy relented. "And call me Judy, no need for formalities between friends."

"So, getting down to business what is Carrots doing here?" Nick asked before quickly adding, "not that I mind having her here of course."

Tom smiled for a moment before getting serious. "Well after getting past you being unable to touch muzzles I felt it was time to try putting one on. However, I know this will be extremely stressful and with that in mind I decided you might need someone you… trust, more than me putting it on. What happened to you was traumatic and while you've been steadily working on getting over it I don't want to trip at the finish line so I asked Officer Hopp…. Judy, to help since I believe with her we have the best chance at success."

Nick nodded in agreement, "I can see the logic in that, if I'd trust anyone do it she'd probably be the one."

"Alright then let's get started. Judy if you'd be so kind as to take this muzzle." Tom said enthusiastically as he presented the muzzle to Judy.

Judy smiled as she walked over and took the muzzle in her paw. "My pleasure," She then slowly made her way to Nick.

Nick, knowing what was about to happen couldn't stop himself from taking a few hesitant half steps backwards as his hear began racing. I'm not ready, I'm not ready! Nick thought worriedly as Judy continued her approach, but before he could take any more steps back Judy's voice cut through his panic.

"Nick. Sit!" Judy didn't yell these words but the authority in her tone was clear and Nick found himself complying before he knew it.

"Good, now stay." Judy said, much softer this time as she closed the distance and put a soft paw on Nick's face.

"It's ok Nick, I'm not going to hurt you. Everything will be ok, understand?" Judy whispered as she slowly began stroking Nick's snout reassuringly, trying to calm the panicked fox.

Nick swallowed hard his throat feeling inexplicably dry. "I trust you Judy," he said, his hoarse whisper audible to only her as their eyes met.

They stayed that way for a moment, both of their hearts pounding as neither of them broke the stare. Sensing an opportunity Tom spoke up. "And this marks the start of Nick Wilde and Judy Hopps's S and M fetish, their lives would never be the same after tonight, and not surprisingly Hopps is the Top." Tom's sudden joke, caused both Nick and Judy's faces to burn in embarrassment.

Realizing she was still stroking Nick's muzzle, Judy stopped, quickly pulled her paw away and shot a glare at Tom. Nick on the other hand burst out laughing despite his embarrassment.

"Well Tom, let it never be said you don't know how to read a room." Nick smiled. "Thanks for cutting the tension down a bit.

Nick then turned to Judy and took a deep breath. "Alright Fluff let's do this."

"Let's"

Even with his newfound courage Nick couldn't stop himself from squeezing his eyes closed as Judy brought the muzzle closer to his face. No longer able to see Nick could only tell what was happening by the feeling of metal sliding across his fur, the sensation causing his breathing to quicken erratically.

Suddenly Nick was no longer in the gym with his friends, he was back in that basement surrounded by those scouts. Their jeering, the suffocating constriction of the cold steel of the muzzle biting into his face. Nick tried his best to remind himself where he was, who was actually putting the muzzle on him, and why, but despite knowing it rationally, the trauma of his past wouldn't let him escape so easily.

"What did I do wrong? Why are you doing this to me?" Nick whispered, paws clenched, tears forming in the corner of his eye.

Seeing his reaction Judy immediately took action. "Ssshhhh, Nick it's ok, I'm right here and you're fine, just focus on my voice." Judy whispered as she slowly began whispering and stoking Nick's head.

"You aren't a kit anymore Nick, you aren't back in that room, you're here with me." Judy whispered encouragingly while looking to Tom for guidance.

"Nick, it's Tom. You need to ground yourself in reality, listen to Judy, feel her paw on your head, those things weren't there before, and you aren't there anymore."

"Y-y-you're right, k-keep going." Nick stuttered out, his eyes still closed but his breathing now much calmer and steadier.

"If you're sure Nick." Judy said softly putting one of her paws into his. "Focus on me and we'll get through it together."

Nick nodded, unable to say more. Judy continued slowly, continually talking to Nick as she used her thumb to trace circles on the back of Nick's paw. Nick could feel the muzzle firmly on his face at this point and it terrified him. The memories of the past continually threatened to break free and overtake him like a dark tidal wave, the only thing keeping him grounded in that moment was Tom's advice and Judy's actions. Her gentle voice telling him everything will be alright combined with her soft paw playing with his was like a raging bonfire keeping the dark at bay.

Eventually Nick felt the muzzle tighten against his face as the straps found their way to the back of his head, but before Nick could even begin to feel fear about that fact he was pulled into a fierce hug, strong unwavering arms wrapping around his neck and pulling him close.

"Everything's alright Nick, I'm right here." Judy whispered.

Nick said nothing, but instead just listened to Judy's heartbeat and let it calm him as the strangle hold his past had over him loosened. It's not over by a long shot… but I can move forward, Nick thought to himself resolutely.

After about a minute of listening to Judy's steady heartbeat Nick felt calm enough to finally open his eyes again, and the first thing he saw was Judy's big beautiful eyes looking down on him, and as the two locked eyes again Judy beamed. They stayed like that for only a few heartbeats before Judy pulled away and let Nick sit up on his own again.

"Now let me just adjust it so it's not too uncomfortable," Judy said soothingly as she made her way behind Nick to the straps. After a few seconds Nick felt the pressure of the muzzle shift and even out so it wasn't digging into his fur as much.

Judy then reappeared in front of him "Better?"

Nick nodded, still trying to take it all in. Not only had he let someone put a muzzle on him, something he'd swore would never happen again, but he was managing to stay relatively calm even as it remained on his face. It wasn't as if the panic went away entirely though, but every time it flared up Nick let Judy's words play though his head as he remembered the calming feeling of her stroking his head and paw.

"Well, well, well. Look at you." Tom said happily as he approached Nick who was still on the floor. "How're you feeling? Breathing normal? Heart rate? Sweat? Tears?"

Nick shot a lighthearted glare at Tom and attempted a snarky comeback which proved far less effective with his now somewhat impaired speech.

Tom just chuckled. "I think I like you better this way Nick."

"It's definitely more peaceful." Judy added with a laugh.

"For sure. But in all seriousness let's keep it on for another few minutes if that's ok with you Nick."

Nick, not even attempting speech just gave a thumbs up and listened as Judy and Tom chatted for a bit.

"Alright let's get this thing off of you." Tom said, moving behind Nick and swiftly undoing the straps after a few minutes passed.

The muzzle immediately fell from Nick's face and into his lap where it sat while Nick silently stared at it.

Judy looked concerned. "Are you ok Nick?"

"I can't believe it." Nick replied, his voice barely above a whisper.

"Can't believe what?" Tom asked seriously.

"Lot's of things" Nick said cryptically.

"Like…."

"Like that I just willing let myself be muzzled, that I didn't freak out, that after so many years of letting what happened to me control my actions I finally feel like I can move forward."

Tom smiled and clapped Nick on the back. "That's what I like to hear."

Judy took a more direct approach and dived in for another hug which Nick accepted happily.

"Now do you think you'd be ok with me doing it?" Tom asked hesitantly.

Nick looked up at him as Judy pulled back from the hug, "Is it alright if we wait until next time, I'm a bit drained right now."

"If you really need to wait we can, I just think it'd be best to strike now while the iron's hot, plus with Judy here you're more likely to stay calm." Tom explained sympathetically before throwing in a joke. "But if you only want your girlfriend muzzling you I guess I can understand that."

"You're on." Nick said defiantly.

"That's the spirit!"

So, after getting a few minutes rest Nick once again steeled himself for the muzzling that was about to take place. This time Nick kept his eyes open and watched every move Tom made, and when his heart rate began to pick up Judy was again there to sooth him, and once again Nick found himself muzzled and calm. So calm in fact that he was able to remove the muzzle by himself with ease.

Tom was all smiles as Nick managed to take the muzzle off. "Well Nick we made real progress tonight, I'm proud of you."

"Thanks Tom I wouldn't have been able to do it without you." Nick acknowledged as he stood up and stuck his paw out for a pawshake.

"I won't deny that but there's someone who deserves thanks too." Tom nudged his head towards Judy. "I have a feeling this plan wouldn't have worked with anyone else."

Nick smiled, "you're right about that."

"Well I'm off to bed." Tom said with a wave as he packed up his stuff and headed for the door. "Oh, and if you want to thank Judy, I'm sure going back to the city with her and hanging out all weekend would be a great gift, plus you could use the break." And without another word Tom was out the door leaving Nick and Judy alone to talk and plan.

Hopefully Nick just listens and goes with Judy, Tom thought to himself as he jumped into bed. He really could use a weekend off, and I don't want him finding out about our punishment and feeling bad for it. What am I thinking of course he'll go back, who could resist spending a weekend with the mammal they have feelings for.
